Feat: Add svc account token auth method for on-prem and standardize i… (#458)
aristanetworks/ansible-cvp: ansible_collections/arista/cvp/docs/how-to/cvp-authentication.md

> ansible_httpapi_validate_certs: false

Reviewer: line 16 could/should be changed to `ansible_password` as well.

Author: sure I'll change that too
re api_token, it was introduced in 1.0.5 as per https://github.com/aristanetworks/cvprac/commit/409b68d905850bd471b0355b2574cf4497579ada so we won't need to change the requirements

ansible_httpapi_validate_certs: false
```

Alternatively __user token__ can be used just as with CVaaS. See [How to generate service account tokens](#how-to-generate-service-account-tokens) for the token generation steps.

```yaml
# Default Ansible variables for authentication
ansible_host: < IP address or hostname to target >

> ansible_user: svc_account # Set this username to user api_token in cvprac

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The username "svc_account" will change authentication process to use "api_token" towards CVP.
# The username does not need to match anything defined on CVP, since the token 
# contains all the required information.
ansible_user: "svc_account" 
```
